lot of sharks. I saw, I remember seeing all nine or ten poor beagle shark in two or three
trips. We did some very close together trips. Loads of sharks. Would that have been in the
80s, 90s again? Yeah, early 90s. And again, if you see one shark, there's probably ten
down there. It's a bit like rats. If you see a rat, there's ten. If there's one shark,
you're probably dozens you're not seeing. And I'd always, again, I always wanted to,
I kept on thread loads of people. I was talking to Mark Reese about the other day. I was down
there and I'd always say, you know, what I'd love to do down there is go down to the Celtic
deep and chum out the 24 hours because you'd never know what would come up, you know. And
obviously that's what's happening now. They're getting, there was a massive Mako caught the
other day down there. I think it was 800 pounds. Well, they estimated they didn't land it.
You're getting, you know, blue sharks there.